do the review of the application after
life for android as we see how you see
we are already inside it and we have already
chosen a photo to edit
these first filters here are more
for
usually have all versions as
clarify you have very well what this is for
if it's brain jets that's for
it's light before
the contrast
what is this
but this is easy that they tend to
use many the sisters and this
people that do not look bad
not that good that too but
with this hot cold temperature
and warm the grain that is this I like
a lot that is not seen
for example if you feel like you in the
Well, I got you all this
blur
and we also have the saverin that is like
sharpness with the 10 the photo
now we have two filters
Marin Marin is very well
pronounce
we leave you marín marín
it is also
with its law the law is the best of
as you can see they can be superimposed
Overlap several
filters these are more chips seen
and we also have the here you can give
turn well on return for draft
here we have not expected they are forgotten
signs are you are you shavings
which are yellow lights
the truth that is pretty good one
these and now we're going to put frames on them
frames so that the photo is going to be able
administer we could put
of another red color what we want
leave blank we could put a
this default although it costs money
we could put it
and this we could put it like this
and we have a lot of these things
and good here
Perfect for your life Instagram
in today's video goodbye
for